README.md, before:

# Human-Methylomics
DNA methylation is perhaps the most extensively studied epigenetic modification in mammals. We aim through this study to identify some cancer markers by analyzing datasets of different cancers and comparing the obtained results to highlight the similarities.
# Team members
- Sofia Sehli. Phd candidat, Mohammed VI University of Health Sciences of Casablanca. Morocco.
- Abdellah Idrissi Azami. Phd candidat, Mohammed VI University of Health Sciences of Casablanca. Morocco.
- Nihal Habib. Phd candidat, Mohammed VI University of Health Sciences of Casablanca. Morocco.
- Douae El Ghoubali. Phd candidat, Mohammed VI University of Health Sciences of Casablanca. Morocco.
- (Other participants to be added after getting their full names and affiliation)
# Data aquisition 
All data was downloaded from the [National Center of Biotechnology Informarions's](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/) [Gene Expression Omnibus](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/geo/) database.
# General workfolw

# Pipeline

# Check list to get started
- [ ] Download you data
- [ ] Quality control (FastQC)
- [ ] .
- [ ] .
- [ ] .

Commit message:

Added the svg and the gif
Added some more information on the project repo

README.md, after:

# Human-Methylomics
So What is DNA methylation ?

[![Typing SVG](https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?color=%2336BCF7&size=25&multiline=true&width=500&height=190&lines=DNA+methylation+is+the+process+;by+which+methyl+groups+are+added;+to+the+DNA+sequence+without+changing;+the+DNA+sequence+thereby;+affecting+gene+expression+levels)](https://git.io/typing-svg)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/76898485/136659955-61b73582-5d6f-40c7-a1fa-f86e4bf715ff.png)

DNA methylation is perhaps the most extensively studied epigenetic modification in mammals this is because it directly inhibit the expression of genes and also increases the probability that affected genes undergo a mutational events. Although DNA methylation plays an essential role in normal biological processes, distinct and abnormal patterns of methylation are observed in cancers. Through this study, we aim to identify cancer markers by analyzing datasets of different cancers and comparing the obtained results to highlight the similarities.
# Team members
- Sofia Sehli. Phd candidat, Mohammed VI University of Health Sciences of Casablanca. Morocco.
- Abdellah Idrissi Azami. Phd candidat, Mohammed VI University of Health Sciences of Casablanca. Morocco.
- Nihal Habib. Phd candidat, Mohammed VI University of Health Sciences of Casablanca. Morocco.
- Douae El Ghoubali. Phd candidat, Mohammed VI University of Health Sciences of Casablanca. Morocco.
- (Other participants to be added after getting their full names and affiliation)
# Data aquisition 
All data was downloaded from the [National Center of Biotechnology Informarions's](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/) [Gene Expression Omnibus](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/geo/) database.
# General workfolw

# Pipeline

# Check list to get started
- [ ] Download you data
- [ ] Quality control (FastQC)
- [ ] .
- [ ] .
- [ ] .
